*BIRS 2023: Feedback
*Mention things you liked about the workshop
It is the first hybrid workshop like this that I been a part of. It worked much better than I thought. The breakout rooms and slack help with sharing info between the real world and the virtual. I could hear people really well most of the time. Well done and thanks.

It was the first hybrid format workshop that I felt it truly worked, especially because of the slack rooms. Congratulations to the organizers for putting together a fantastic event!

Yeah I totally agree. First time I didn't feel like I was missing out on a lot by not being in person! great mix of talks and discussion as well. I also really liked have to intro and 2 talks on the first evening instead of all starting in the morning. 

From sticky notes:

Interesting small group discussions with different perspectives.

Making new friends and talking about something that matters to all of us. Also nice facilities.

Questions/discussions working as a group.

Talks were useful. Splitting in groups and sticking with the same for the day encouraged sharing of ideas.

I liked hearing opinions/perspectives outside my regular circle by being split into diverse groups.

I like to talk with participants and exchange ideas. My team is super patient with me =).

I liked the content and level of discussion. Everyone's effort on being present and really contributed to conversation.

Thank you for the organization and new conections. I hope that both projects can improve and grow up.

Break up sessions and Etherpad.

The "improving communication" topic was very timely.

Collaborative and welcoming environment.

The group discussions are pretty good (but intense).

I really liked the talks :)


*Mention things you didn't liked about the workshop
Sometimes I could not hear the people physically present.
I think the workshop could have benefitted from another half day of presentations. I think a few talks on summarizing what each package is capable of would have been useful for those which are familiar with them. Or quick overviews of how each codebase is structured so future developers can get a better sense of how to contribute.

It would be nice if, in future hybrid workshops, the Slack channel could provide small updates at key time slots. This would make it easier for those attending virtually to figure out what's happening, especially when they join the workshop at different stages.

From sticky notes:

If we can have more coffee time between sessions, it would be better.

Not much talk about integrating into one workflow.

Could have used more time to distill thoughts and prioritize top one or two action items.

The people on Zoom is always last in participate and is not in the picture.

We discussed a pre-set of topics. I may have wanted groups to identify what they believe are the biggest issues, then discuss solutions.

I liked my group but would have enhoyed talking to other people for these conversations.

Maybe some topics were difficult to find a good answer or action to take. Maybe we need more time than 1 weekend.

Lets shake up groups a little more often (Not that I didn't enjoy my group, I also want to have closer interactions with more people).

More full group discussions after break up sessions.

Lack of interaction between in-person and zoom participants.

It's hard to find something to complain about. My laptop battery doesn't keep its charge.

Nothing to report.

Maybe better to choose a consistent topic (or a theme) for talks?
